
images/gallery-01.jpg
Hanwha Group Acquires German Automotive Component Manufacturer
Hanwha Advanced Materials acquires an automotive component supplier to BMW Audi and other well-known brands

images/gallery-02.jpg
Hanwha Q CELLS Opens Doors into U.S. Solar Market
In February 2015 Hanwha Q CELLS emerged as a new global solar power leader from combining two of the world\s most recognized photovoltaic manufacturers Hanwha SolarOne and Hanwha Q CELLS. The merger comes only four years after Hanwha Group first launched its solar business. Hanwha Q CELLS recently took its efforts to become a world’s leading total solar energy solution provider to the next level by signing the largest single supply contract to date in the industry.

images/gallery-03.png
Hanwha Group and Chungcheong Province in Korea Found the Chungnam Center for Creative Economy
 Hanwha Group and South Chungcheong Province inaugurated the Chungnam Center for Creative Economy located in the central region of Korea in South Chungcheong Province on May 22nd. The Korean government is planning to found Creative Economy Centers in 17 regions throughout Korea. The Creative Economy Center is expected to play a pivotal role invigorating the regional economy by supporting startups enhancing a program for win-win growth between large companies and small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and supporting an increase in income of rural agricultural and commercial communities.

images/gallery-04.png
Hanwha Group\s Petrochem Business Aims to Become a Global Leader
Hanwha Group completed the acquisition of the management rights of two of the four Samsung subsidiaries that have been in the process of being merged with the company since late 2014 Samsung General Chemicals and Samsung Total Petrochemicals re-launching the two companies as Hanwha Group subsidiaries.

images/gallery-05.png
Hanwha Life Boosts Its Presence
in the Asian Market Hanwha Life Insurance founded in 1946 as Korea\s first life insurance company is forging ahead to become an Asian insurance powerhouse. Rewriting the history of Korean insurance as the first company to expand overseas as well as the first insurance company to have established a wholly-owned local subsidiary Hanwha Life is accelerating its efforts to become the leading insurance company in China Indonesia and other Asian markets by building on its successes in Vietnam.

images/gallery-06.png
Hanwha Q CELLS Announces over 1.5 GW Solar Module Supply Agreement to Power NextEra Energy Resources’ Continued Solar U.S.
summary  : Hanwha Q CELLS Co. Ltd today announced the signing of a major solar module supply agreement with NextEra Energy Resources LLC a subsidiary of one of the world’s largest clean energy companies U.S.-based NextEra Energy Inc.

images/gallery-07.png
Hanwha Wins Additional $2.12 Billion Construction Project in Iraq Totaling over $10 Billion in the Bismayah New City summary  : Hanwha Group signed an order for an additional $2.12 billion in social infrastructure construction for the Bismayah New City project just four months after the visit of Chairman Seung Youn Kim to Iraq in late 2014.

images/gallery-08.png
Hanwha Group Acquires German Automotive Component Manufacturer
Hanwha Advanced Materials acquires an automotive component supplier to BMW Audi and other well-known brands

images/gallery-09.jpg
Hanwha Launches the World\s Largest Solar Energy Company
in Terms of Cell Production Hanwha Group becomes the world’s leading solar energy company in terms of cell production by integrating Hanwha SolarOne Co. Ltd. and Hanwha Q CELLS Investment Co.

images/gallery-10.jpg
Hanwha Chairman Seung Youn Kim Visited the Bismayah New City Project(BNCP) Site in Iraq
BNCP is a mega construction project to build 100000 residential units

images/gallery-11.jpg
Hanwha Has Completed Building 24 MW Solar Power Plant in Kitsuki Oita prefecture in Japan
Hanwha Group is accelerating its leading position in the Japanese solar power market with the construction of a large-scale 24 MW solar power plant

images/gallery-12.png
Hanwha Q CELLS Promoting Sustainable Solar Energy with R&D Leadership
Hanwha Q CELLS has been opening up new possibilities for the solar energy business while pioneering unexplored fields on the strengths of its world leading R&D capacity and technologies.